701 - Simplify APIs by using nested classes for parameter types (#703)
Orange-OpenSource/ods-android: docs/components/ListItems.md

-- | -- | --
`text: String` | | The primary text of the list item
`modifier: Modifier` | `Modifier` | Modifier to be applied to the list item
`icon: OdsListItem.Icon?` | `null` | The leading supporting visual of the list item
`secondaryText: String?` | `null` | The secondary text of the list item
`singleLineSecondaryText: Boolean` | `true` | Whether the secondary text is single line
`overlineText: String?` | `null` | The text displayed above the primary text
`trailing: OdsListItem.Trailing?` | `null` | The trailing content to display at the end of the list item
`divider: Boolean` | `false` | Whether or not a divider is displayed at the bottom of the list item

> `onClick: (() -> Unit)?` | `null` | Will be called when the user clicks the list item. This parameter only has an effect if trailing is `OdsListItemTrailingIcon` or `null`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`onClick: (() -> Unit)?` | `null` | Will be called when the user clicks the list item. This parameter only has an effect if trailing is `OdsListItem.TrailingIcon` or `null`.
```
